Release version 1.1.1 (#510)
cognitedata/cognite-sdk-python: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

## [1.1.1] - 2019-08-23
### Added

> - complete option on datapoints.retrieve_dataframe

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `complete` parameter on `datapoints.retrieve_dataframe`, used for forward-filling/interpolating intervals with missing data.
```

> - include_aggregate_names option on datapoints.retrieve_dataframe and Datapoints(List).to_pandas

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `include_aggregate_names` option on `datapoints.retrieve_dataframe` and `DatapointsList.to_pandas`, used for removing the `|<aggregate-name>` postfix on dataframe column headers.
```
